the one so welcome to all web hd in
this time we are going to learn how to make
this effect that you are seeing on screen
which is an effect as if it were a drawing
with pencil and well we can share
any photo in this effect for
start let's go here to unlock
the layer we go double click and the
padlock now what we should do is
duplicate the layer for it we're going to
press the control keys j and
automatically we will create a
new layer now we must create a layer
of fill that is this circular icon
that comes out here we're going to give you a click
left and what we are going to do is
give it and where it says tone and saturation and
we will leave a menu simply go
to lower all the saturation that we have left
at minus 100 and we can close this
window we go to the second layer
which is what we had duplicated is this
is what is called a copy layer and what
we are going to do is change the mode of
composition here where it says normal we're going
to unfold the menu and we're going to
select the one that is called over
expose color
then let's press the keys
control and the key and by pressing the
two keys we will have the image like this
blank as they are seeing then we
we go to where it says filter that is
up here and we're going to look for the option
that is called defocusing let's look
then in this new menu the option that
it's called gaussian blur we give a
click and we will leave here because as
some modifications simply here
Radio where it says we will modify
so that you observe that the
image is changing as to the effect
of pencil drawing for example there in
14.1 it looks excellent I give it ok and if so
we observe with the lupita we are going to give us
note that the details are excellent
you really see the effect as if it were
a pencil drawing and so simple is
do this effect in any version
of photoshop really if you have
Any question or concern
can give it in the comments and I with
taste
and answering a greeting and chau chau